hello to everyone this new video for the
pen the academy in this video first
of all I will show you the new colors
from the verbeke mafia collection that is not
other than a collection of opaques
components from nine colors and how you are
seeing in this wheel these are
all the colors vary a lot because there
black is gray and blue is cream
in red then to a very collection
low this is the interpretation of
mine and in the arc therefore a matte effect e
with a contrast of shiny effect and is
beautiful to do precisely this contrast
with the mate
and in detail I made polka dots where
on the ring finger on the index I am on all
the nail instead on the little finger and the middle finger
let's say a contrasting lunette 1
with the other one, follow the tutorial if you like
as a used material taken a base
ultra reinforcing then I chose this
dark gray they have 007 that is
exactly that a fixer for
fix all the drops that help
drying the glaze a spot e
of aluminum foil
first we put the high base
reinforcer on all nails
I had already applied it on the other vi
I show how it comes anyway
once the base has been applied, it must always be placed at
nail protection to last longer
polish and dry very quickly
every base to its function this the
function to reinforce the nails
Now let's take our color
I want to help slightly
see that it has a wide brush then
still facilitates the application and the it
we spread monocolor on all nails
a single color means to spread one
been very very thin wait for that
dry and give the second pass la
second pass always serves for
outline defining the best the whole
you simply have to wait for that
dry to speed up the time
we use the drops that help
speed up the drying of the
nail polish are drops that don't
compromise the earhart even
durability of the enamel and also have inside
of the oils that still hydrate the
I read skin and the area with cuticles
as you see I show you that one
once I'm dry, I still do the
second pass and as you can see is a
much fuller and very full-bodied color
however, respect to before then for
what I always recommend layers
thin but to make two
if we make mistakes
just take the pen correct polish
to correct these errors precisely
we have done
also in this case
let's help with the drops to speed up
drying now we take ours
we fix it a little on the
foil positioned little because
in any case being dry enamels
quickly you have to put several of them
drops
let's start with the stop with the pro tip a
these are just a bit bigger deal
in vertical where a row a row e
higher than the other, that is, we put them
at chess and we make four rows
obviously it depends a bit on the length
of your bunga and size
understand if you make two three four rows
second note of your nail dates
that should stand out a lot when you do
these can
take a lot of fixer ie
leave a drop on the nail
because at least they will stand out very much
more
let's make this decoration
on the ring finger and then on the ring
medium we make a kind of arc
on one side with more dots
large and sideways on one side and
on the other hand we do them a little more
little ones anyway in the video
you are seeing what i am anyway
explaining how I told you by taking more
product you will have to wait much longer
that your your nail art
however dry as we can always
help us with the drops to speed up the
everything is among other things being
however we should not opaque contrast
then put the fixer to fix
all because they are obviously opaque
will go away
so one thing for me to relax is
much much faster to do e
fun among other things the
contrast as I said between gloss and it
little can you really wander doing a
lots of decor a lot of ideas and me
not one of the many that were chosen
come to mind as I told you about the medium
I do this on the index I do the
same thing as the ring finger and finally
on the little finger I always do the wave that has
done on the medium but in tablet in the
meaning that I do it on one side and
the other I do it
on the other hand that together they make one
Crescent moon
I hope to have been clear and
the same procedure is always the same
which as I told you put a voice
really small on tinfoil
because besides it is hot too
however inside a house it is warmer and
will tend to dry faster
so put some small drops
rather, you put them on paper
tinfoil
at least you'll never enamel is
dry or who is going to dry who
makes those ugly threads that are minimal
can position on the nail
and it is a very very important thing
this
this is the final result in the photo
final I really hope the video
you like the next a big kiss a
all bye